SignalR: Reference shared framework (#28398)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/signalr-in-shared-framework.md

> [!NOTE]

> > ASP.NET Core SignalR doesn't depend on getting many assemblies from NuGet. See [SignalR assemblies in shared framework](xref:migration/22-to-30#signalr-assemblies-in-shared-framework) for more information.

Reviewer: Can this be the same text as below?

> > ASP.NET Core SignalR doesn't depend on getting many assemblies from NuGet. See [SignalR assemblies in shared framework](xref:migration/22-to-30#signalr-assemblies-in-shared-framework) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core SignalR server-side assemblies are now installed with the .NET Core SDK. For more information, see [Remove obsolete package references](#remove-obsolete-package-references) in this document.
```
